Hello dear subscribers I greet you
you're probably wondering why me
this microphone so stupid in front of my
It has to hold a face that has a whole
simple background i was about to shape
setting up microphone stand today and
so I have to hold his hand
unfortunately I have to insert this video too
bit silly because I cut it
unfortunately not three sets
to speak in a row without me
I'm completely confused wondering
So not when a professional to hard
that comes simply because of mine
be able to speak freely disability
why this video message we have in
the last days and weeks of you
quite a lot of emails and get
also inquire about the contact forms
our websites
why are not there any new videos?
and I 'm just wondering why
just now picked up the garbage
I hope you do not hear that
why are there no new ones right now?
videos that has a very simple
reason to be exact even two
the first reason is that we are in the
last days our last holidays
had enjoyed
and when we had to go back ours
Company has a real mountain
work expected
comfort but nevertheless we are
again since the second one is for us
forgive yourself a huge chance
with him reilly publisher are
We do not have a switch book
publish
and we have his new concept
and that connects ours
video tutorials also with the book you
But you can not be worried
you will not have to buy this book
So we continue our tutorials
can understand that it even works
not our goal but the whole thing
complement each other by giving one
it contains more information for this
theme in the other for this topic
But at the end of the day is for us whole
very important that you all swift can
So in the next few weeks we will
continue to write his book
continue to do our video tutorials
but we have to look a bit
forgive because we also have one
a bit of a problem that we have now too
old videos have to be redone because apple
also a lot of swift itself still changes
Of course we do not want that with us
so also videos then on youtube
are
because of course your comments that
these errors are present now
do not go unnoticed by us
but of course it's all a thing
the time we can not easy
go snip and snap that
problem is solved unfortunately we have to
at the moment still all videos then new
and if you like a tip
We can always avoid that
in order to
that would be all clear to me
Wish you now in any case
first a nice weekend is good
in the next week
and I'm looking forward to it from you
to get feedback again and if you are
want to support us does not hesitate
our website is going to be blog.de
there is this funny little one
flattr button under each of ours
article and there you can do so
make micropayments party and then
perhaps it might be by 10 cents
send or maybe a euro
So that would be great of you then
I can continue with that
Hirschmann buy water for a salad
so that I was not from the tribe and me
would say see you soon
again